fix: bugs in ``DataCatalog.export_data`` (#1459)
Deltares/hydromt: docs/changelog.rst

- Normalize geometries before comparing them in ``test_equal`` for ``SpatialModelComponent``, ``GeomsComponent`` and ``VectorComponent`` (#1415).
- ``pet_debruin`` now keeps all inputs lazy-loaded instead of reading in the entire array. (#1439)
- The functions ``_strip_scheme`` and ``_strip_vsi`` in ``hydromt._utils.uris`` no longer use ``lstrip`` to remove leading characters, but now remove only the exact prefix. (#1438)
- ``Datacatalog.export_data`` no longer applies unit conversion twice. (#1459)

> - ``RasterioDriver.write`` now always produces filenames that are parseable by ``readers.open_mfraster`` when provided with a bare wildcard. (#1459)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``RasterioDriver.write`` now always produces filenames that are parseable by ``readers.open_mfraster`` when provided with a pattern with no prefix e.g. ``*.tif``. (#1459)
```
